README.md, before:

# BlockMarket: Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning Trading Arena

**Track 3: RL Agent Arena Submission**

![alt text](flasktease.png)

An innovative reinforcement learning platform that trains intelligent trading agents in a spatially-aware bartering economy, optimized for Qualcomm Snapdragon X Elite NPU acceleration and beautifully visualized through Minecraft integration.

BlockMarket is a cutting-edge reinforcement learning environment where neural network agents learn how to maximize the amount of trades in a simulated trading floor (Kudos to the early 2000s floor traders in places like the New York Stock Exhcange (NYSE)). Our platform leverages the power of Qualcomm Snapdragon's dedicated NPU and powerful CPU to run complex neural networks locally, ensuring real-time decision-making with complete privacy preservation.

## Team Members

- **Ibraheem Amin** - ia8920@princeton.edu (<ibraheem.amin2@gmail.com>) (Team Lead) ([DIodide](https://github.com/DIodide))
- **Richard Wang** - rw8166@princeton.edu
- **Cole Ramer** - cr0058@princeton.edu
- **Khang Tran** - kt3119@princeton.edu
- **John Wu** - jw7893@princeton.edu

## System Architecture Overview

```mermaid
graph TB
    subgraph "Qualcomm Snapdragon X Elite Laptop"
        subgraph "NPU (45 TOPS)"
            NN[Neural Networks]
            TM[Trading Matrix Optimizer]
            RL[RL Inference Engine]
        end

        subgraph "RL Core System"
            ENV[Trading Environment<br/>- 100+ Agents<br/>- Spatial Positions<br/>- Market Dynamics]
            GA[Genetic Algorithm<br/>- Population Evolution<br/>- Fitness Evaluation<br/>- Selection & Mutation]
            TRAIN[Training Loop<br/>- Per-timestep Updates<br/>- Reward Calculation<br/>- Policy Updates]
        end

        subgraph "Local Services"
            WS[WebSocket Server<br/>Port: 8080]
            EXPRESS[Express API Server<br/>Port: 5000]
            VIZ[Flask Visualization<br/>Port: 5001]
        end
    end

    subgraph "Minecraft Integration"
        MC[Minecraft Server<br/>- Paper/Spigot 1.20+<br/>- Trading Floor Builder<br/>- Real-time Visualization]
        PLUGIN[BM World Controller<br/>- WebSocket Client<br/>- Command Executor<br/>- Floor Generator]
    end

    subgraph "Frontend"
        WEB[React Dashboard<br/>- Real-time Metrics<br/>- Agent Visualization<br/>- Trade Networks]
    end

    %% NPU Connections
    NN -->|Inference| ENV
    TM -->|Optimization| ENV
    RL -->|Decisions| ENV

    %% RL System Flow
    ENV -->|Agent States| TRAIN
    TRAIN -->|Fitness Scores| GA
    GA -->|New Population| ENV
    ENV -->|Market Data| NN

    %% Service Connections
    ENV -->|State Updates| VIZ
    VIZ -->|WebSocket| WEB
    EXPRESS -->|REST API| WEB
    WS <-->|Commands| PLUGIN
    PLUGIN -->|Build Floors| MC

    %% Data Flow
    ENV -->|Trade Data| EXPRESS
    TRAIN -->|Metrics| VIZ

    %% User Interactions
    USER[User/Developer]
    USER -->|HTTP| WEB
    USER -->|Minecraft Client| MC
    USER -->|API Calls| EXPRESS

    style NPU fill:#ff6b6b,stroke:#c92a2a,stroke-width:3px
    style ENV fill:#4ecdc4,stroke:#087f5b,stroke-width:2px
    style MC fill:#95d600,stroke:#5c7cfa,stroke-width:2px
```

### How It Works

1. **Reinforcement Learning Core** (Running on Snapdragon NPU):

   - **Trading Environment**: Simulates a marketplace with 100+ AI agents, each with spatial positions and inventories
   - **Neural Networks**: Each agent has a neural network that runs on the NPU at 45 TOPS for real-time decision making
   - **Genetic Evolution**: Bottom 50% of agents are eliminated each generation, top performers reproduce with mutations

2. **Data Flow**:

   - Agents observe initial market state → NPU processes observations → Neural networks output trading decisions
   - Trading matrices are updated every timestep based on market conditions
   - Successful trades increase agent fitness, driving evolution

3. **Visualization Pipeline**:

   - Flask server streams real-time environment data via WebSocket
   - React dashboard displays agent positions, trade networks, and performance metrics
   - Minecraft server provides 3D visualization of trading floors and agent interactions

4. **Integration Points**:
   - WebSocket server (port 8080) bridges RL environment with Minecraft
   - Express API (port 5000) provides RESTful access to trading data
   - All processing happens locally on the Snapdragon device for privacy

### Key Innovation Points:

- **NPU-Optimized RL Training**: Neural networks are specifically optimized to leverage Snapdragon X Elite's NPU, achieving up to 45 TOPS of AI performance for real-time agent decision-making
- **Spatial Trading Dynamics**: Agents exist in a 2D world where distance affects trading probability, creating realistic market dynamics
- **Minecraft Visualization**: Real-world trading scenarios are brought to life through interactive Minecraft environments, making complex AI behaviors visually comprehensible
- **Genetic Evolution**: Population-based training with genetic algorithms ensures continuous improvement of trading strategies
- **Privacy-First Design**: All AI computations run locally on the Snapdragon-powered device, ensuring complete data privacy

## System Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│          Qualcomm Snapdragon X Elite Laptop             │
│  ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐   │
│  │         NPU (Neural Processing Unit)             │   │
│  │  • Agent Neural Networks (45 TOPS)              │   │
│  │  • Trading Matrix Optimization                  │   │
│  │  • Real-time Decision Making                    │   │
│  └─────────────────────────────────────────────────┘   │
│                                                         │
│  ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐   │
│  │              CPU Processing                      │   │
│  │  • Environment Simulation                        │   │
│  │  • WebSocket Communication                       │   │
│  │  • Minecraft Plugin Control                      │   │
│  └─────────────────────────────────────────────────┘   │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                           │
                           ├── Local Minecraft Server
                           └── Web Visualization Dashboard
```

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites

- **Hardware**: Qualcomm Snapdragon X Elite powered laptop
- **Operating System**: Windows 11 ARM64 or Linux ARM64
- **Software Requirements**:
  - Python 3.9+ (ARM64 optimized)
  - Node.js 18+ (ARM64 build)
  - Java 17+ (ARM64 JDK)
  - Minecraft Server (Paper/Spigot 1.20+) (can run locally)

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/blockmarket.git
cd blockmarket
```

### 2. Set Up Python Environment (RL Components)

```bash
cd rl/

# Create ARM64-optimized virtual environment
python -m venv venv_arm64
source venv_arm64/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv_arm64\Scripts\activate

# Install NPU-optimized dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt
pip install qai-hub  # Qualcomm AI Hub for NPU optimization

# Configure NPU backend
python configure_npu.py
```

### 3. Build BlockMarket Controller Plugin

```bash
cd ../bm-world-controller/

# Ensure ARM64 Java is being used
java -version  # Should show ARM64/aarch64

# Build the plugin
mvn clean package

# Copy to Minecraft plugins folder
cp target/bm-world-controller-0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar /path/to/minecraft/plugins/
```

Do follow a tutorial for locally hosting a minecraft server setup.
The specific configuration we used is Paper 1.20.6, you can follow a guide
to set up a minecraft server here. https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Tutorials/Setting_up_a_server#Windows_instructions

Simply run a startup script off of that link for Windows. Then update
the path and server url in the express service (we would set a .env if we had some more time.)

Our thing is a bit three pronged so its a little more setup, but all of it
can theoretically run locally. Minecraft Servers are very single threaded CPU intensive.

### 5. Set Up Express Controller (Backend)

```bash
cd ../bm-express-controller/master-server/

# Install Node dependencies (ARM64 native modules)
npm install

# Configure environment
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env to set appropriate values
```

### 6. Set Up Frontend Dashboard

```bash
cd ../frontend/

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Build for production
npm run build
```

### 7. Configure Minecraft Server

Edit `plugins/bm-world-controller/config.yml`:

```yaml
websocket:
  enabled: true
  port: 8080
  bind-address: "127.0.0.1" # Local only for security
```

## Running the Application

### 1. Start the Minecraft Server

```bash
cd /path/to/minecraft-server/
java -Xmx4G -jar paper-1.20.jar nogui
```

### 2. Launch the RL Training Environment

```bash
cd blockmarket/rl/

# Activate NPU-optimized environment
source venv_arm64/bin/activate

# Start training with NPU acceleration
python training.py --use-npu --device snapdragon
```

### 3. Start the Express Backend

```bash
cd blockmarket/bm-express-controller/master-server/
npm start
```

### 4. Launch the Visualization Dashboard

```bash
cd blockmarket/rl/
python web_server.py --port 5001
```

### 5. Access the Application

- **Web Dashboard**: http://localhost:5001
- **Minecraft Server**: Connect to `localhost:25565`
- **API Endpoints**: http://localhost:5000/api

## Usage Instructions

### Training RL Agents

1. **Configure Training Parameters**:

   ```bash
   cd rl/
   # Edit config.yaml to adjust hyperparameters
   ```

2. **Monitor Training Progress**:

   - Open web dashboard at http://localhost:5001
   - View real-time agent positions, fitness distributions, and trade networks
   - Track generation history and performance metrics

3. **Interact via Minecraft**:
   - Join the Minecraft server
   - Use `/createfloor <size>` to create trading arenas
   - Watch agents trade in real-time within the Minecraft world

### WebSocket Commands

Connect to the WebSocket server to control the environment:

```javascript
// Example: Create a trading floor
{
  "type": "create_trading_floor",
  "size": 20,
  "world": "world"
}
```

## NPU Optimization Details

Our implementation leverages Snapdragon X Elite's NPU for:

1. **Neural Network Inference**: Agent decision-making runs at 45 TOPS
2. **Parallel Processing**: Multiple agents computed simultaneously
3. **Energy Efficiency**: 70% power reduction compared to CPU-only execution
4. **Low Latency**: Sub-millisecond inference for real-time trading decisions

## Testing

### Run Unit Tests

```bash
cd rl/
pytest tests/ -v
```

### Run Integration Tests

```bash
# Test WebSocket connectivity
cd bm-world-controller/
node test-websocket-client.js ws://localhost:8080
```

### Performance Benchmarks

```bash
cd rl/
python benchmark_npu.py --iterations 1000
```

## Additional Notes

### Privacy and Security

- All AI computations run locally on the Snapdragon device
- No training data or model weights are sent to external servers
- WebSocket connections are localhost-only by default
- Minecraft server runs in offline mode for complete isolation

### Deployment

To make this application ready for release as follows we would need:

- Windows Store (ARM64 package)
- GitHub Releases (cross-platform)

To wrap our express (entry) service in electron, allow it to render
our vite app as a webview, and containerize our minecraft server in docker.
It's a bit out of scope as an RL tool, but we plan to "electronize"
our application asap.

### References

RL REFERENCE: cart-pole-ppo for our RL.

1. Qualcomm Snapdragon X Elite Documentation
2. Minecraft Plugin Development Guide

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Quick Start Guide

Here's the fastest way to see BlockMarket in action:

```bash
# 1. Quick setup (assuming prerequisites installed)
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/blockmarket.git
cd blockmarket
./quick-setup.sh  # Automated setup script

# 2. Launch everything
./start-all.sh

# 3. Open browser to http://localhost:5001 to see the AI agents trading!

# 4. To stop all services
./stop-all.sh
```

### What the Scripts Do

**`quick-setup.sh`**:

- Checks for Python, Node.js, and npm
- Creates Python virtual environment optimized for ARM64
- Installs all RL dependencies
- Sets up Express backend with dependencies
- Builds React frontend for production
- Creates configuration files
- Detects Snapdragon/ARM64 architecture for optimization

**`start-all.sh`**:

- Kills any existing services on required ports
- Starts RL training environment and visualization server
- Launches Express API backend
- Starts React frontend development server
- Monitors all services for crashes
- Provides easy access to logs
- Gracefully shuts down on Ctrl+C

**`stop-all.sh`**:

- Stops all running BlockMarket services
- Cleans up any orphaned processes

---

**Powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon** - Experience the future of on-device AI with 45 TOPS of performance

Commit message:

update readme with minecraft picture

README.md, after:

# BlockMarket: Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning Trading Arena

**Track 3: RL Agent Arena Submission**

![minecraft picture](minecrafttease.png)
![flask dashboard picture](flasktease.png)

An innovative reinforcement learning platform that trains intelligent trading agents in a spatially-aware bartering economy, optimized for Qualcomm Snapdragon X Elite NPU acceleration and beautifully visualized through Minecraft integration.

BlockMarket is a cutting-edge reinforcement learning environment where neural network agents learn how to maximize the amount of trades in a simulated trading floor (Kudos to the early 2000s floor traders in places like the New York Stock Exhcange (NYSE)). Our platform leverages the power of Qualcomm Snapdragon's dedicated NPU and powerful CPU to run complex neural networks locally, ensuring real-time decision-making with complete privacy preservation.

## Team Members

- **Ibraheem Amin** - ia8920@princeton.edu (<ibraheem.amin2@gmail.com>) (Team Lead) ([DIodide](https://github.com/DIodide))
- **Richard Wang** - rw8166@princeton.edu
- **Cole Ramer** - cr0058@princeton.edu
- **Khang Tran** - kt3119@princeton.edu
- **John Wu** - jw7893@princeton.edu

## System Architecture Overview

```mermaid
graph TB
    subgraph "Qualcomm Snapdragon X Elite Laptop"
        subgraph "NPU (45 TOPS)"
            NN[Neural Networks]
            TM[Trading Matrix Optimizer]
            RL[RL Inference Engine]
        end

        subgraph "RL Core System"
            ENV[Trading Environment<br/>- 100+ Agents<br/>- Spatial Positions<br/>- Market Dynamics]
            GA[Genetic Algorithm<br/>- Population Evolution<br/>- Fitness Evaluation<br/>- Selection & Mutation]
            TRAIN[Training Loop<br/>- Per-timestep Updates<br/>- Reward Calculation<br/>- Policy Updates]
        end

        subgraph "Local Services"
            WS[WebSocket Server<br/>Port: 8080]
            EXPRESS[Express API Server<br/>Port: 5000]
            VIZ[Flask Visualization<br/>Port: 5001]
        end
    end

    subgraph "Minecraft Integration"
        MC[Minecraft Server<br/>- Paper/Spigot 1.20+<br/>- Trading Floor Builder<br/>- Real-time Visualization]
        PLUGIN[BM World Controller<br/>- WebSocket Client<br/>- Command Executor<br/>- Floor Generator]
    end

    subgraph "Frontend"
        WEB[React Dashboard<br/>- Real-time Metrics<br/>- Agent Visualization<br/>- Trade Networks]
    end

    %% NPU Connections
    NN -->|Inference| ENV
    TM -->|Optimization| ENV
    RL -->|Decisions| ENV

    %% RL System Flow
    ENV -->|Agent States| TRAIN
    TRAIN -->|Fitness Scores| GA
    GA -->|New Population| ENV
    ENV -->|Market Data| NN

    %% Service Connections
    ENV -->|State Updates| VIZ
    VIZ -->|WebSocket| WEB
    EXPRESS -->|REST API| WEB
    WS <-->|Commands| PLUGIN
    PLUGIN -->|Build Floors| MC

    %% Data Flow
    ENV -->|Trade Data| EXPRESS
    TRAIN -->|Metrics| VIZ

    %% User Interactions
    USER[User/Developer]
    USER -->|HTTP| WEB
    USER -->|Minecraft Client| MC
    USER -->|API Calls| EXPRESS

    style NPU fill:#ff6b6b,stroke:#c92a2a,stroke-width:3px
    style ENV fill:#4ecdc4,stroke:#087f5b,stroke-width:2px
    style MC fill:#95d600,stroke:#5c7cfa,stroke-width:2px
```

### How It Works

1. **Reinforcement Learning Core** (Running on Snapdragon NPU):

   - **Trading Environment**: Simulates a marketplace with 100+ AI agents, each with spatial positions and inventories
   - **Neural Networks**: Each agent has a neural network that runs on the NPU at 45 TOPS for real-time decision making
   - **Genetic Evolution**: Bottom 50% of agents are eliminated each generation, top performers reproduce with mutations

2. **Data Flow**:

   - Agents observe initial market state → NPU processes observations → Neural networks output trading decisions
   - Trading matrices are updated every timestep based on market conditions
   - Successful trades increase agent fitness, driving evolution

3. **Visualization Pipeline**:

   - Flask server streams real-time environment data via WebSocket
   - React dashboard displays agent positions, trade networks, and performance metrics
   - Minecraft server provides 3D visualization of trading floors and agent interactions

4. **Integration Points**:
   - WebSocket server (port 8080) bridges RL environment with Minecraft
   - Express API (port 5000) provides RESTful access to trading data
   - All processing happens locally on the Snapdragon device for privacy

### Key Innovation Points:

- **NPU-Optimized RL Training**: Neural networks are specifically optimized to leverage Snapdragon X Elite's NPU, achieving up to 45 TOPS of AI performance for real-time agent decision-making
- **Spatial Trading Dynamics**: Agents exist in a 2D world where distance affects trading probability, creating realistic market dynamics
- **Minecraft Visualization**: Real-world trading scenarios are brought to life through interactive Minecraft environments, making complex AI behaviors visually comprehensible
- **Genetic Evolution**: Population-based training with genetic algorithms ensures continuous improvement of trading strategies
- **Privacy-First Design**: All AI computations run locally on the Snapdragon-powered device, ensuring complete data privacy

## System Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│          Qualcomm Snapdragon X Elite Laptop             │
│  ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐   │
│  │         NPU (Neural Processing Unit)             │   │
│  │  • Agent Neural Networks (45 TOPS)              │   │
│  │  • Trading Matrix Optimization                  │   │
│  │  • Real-time Decision Making                    │   │
│  └─────────────────────────────────────────────────┘   │
│                                                         │
│  ┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐   │
│  │              CPU Processing                      │   │
│  │  • Environment Simulation                        │   │
│  │  • WebSocket Communication                       │   │
│  │  • Minecraft Plugin Control                      │   │
│  └─────────────────────────────────────────────────┘   │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                           │
                           ├── Local Minecraft Server
                           └── Web Visualization Dashboard
```

## Setup Instructions

### Prerequisites

- **Hardware**: Qualcomm Snapdragon X Elite powered laptop
- **Operating System**: Windows 11 ARM64 or Linux ARM64
- **Software Requirements**:
  - Python 3.9+ (ARM64 optimized)
  - Node.js 18+ (ARM64 build)
  - Java 17+ (ARM64 JDK)
  - Minecraft Server (Paper/Spigot 1.20+) (can run locally)

### 1. Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/blockmarket.git
cd blockmarket
```

### 2. Set Up Python Environment (RL Components)

```bash
cd rl/

# Create ARM64-optimized virtual environment
python -m venv venv_arm64
source venv_arm64/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv_arm64\Scripts\activate

# Install NPU-optimized dependencies
pip install -r requirements.txt
pip install qai-hub  # Qualcomm AI Hub for NPU optimization

# Configure NPU backend
python configure_npu.py
```

### 3. Build BlockMarket Controller Plugin

```bash
cd ../bm-world-controller/

# Ensure ARM64 Java is being used
java -version  # Should show ARM64/aarch64

# Build the plugin
mvn clean package

# Copy to Minecraft plugins folder
cp target/bm-world-controller-0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar /path/to/minecraft/plugins/
```

Do follow a tutorial for locally hosting a minecraft server setup.
The specific configuration we used is Paper 1.20.6, you can follow a guide
to set up a minecraft server here. https://minecraft.fandom.com/wiki/Tutorials/Setting_up_a_server#Windows_instructions

Simply run a startup script off of that link for Windows. Then update
the path and server url in the express service (we would set a .env if we had some more time.)

Our thing is a bit three pronged so its a little more setup, but all of it
can theoretically run locally. Minecraft Servers are very single threaded CPU intensive.

### 5. Set Up Express Controller (Backend)

```bash
cd ../bm-express-controller/master-server/

# Install Node dependencies (ARM64 native modules)
npm install

# Configure environment
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env to set appropriate values
```

### 6. Set Up Frontend Dashboard

```bash
cd ../frontend/

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Build for production
npm run build
```

### 7. Configure Minecraft Server

Edit `plugins/bm-world-controller/config.yml`:

```yaml
websocket:
  enabled: true
  port: 8080
  bind-address: "127.0.0.1" # Local only for security
```

## Running the Application

### 1. Start the Minecraft Server

```bash
cd /path/to/minecraft-server/
java -Xmx4G -jar paper-1.20.jar nogui
```

### 2. Launch the RL Training Environment

```bash
cd blockmarket/rl/

# Activate NPU-optimized environment
source venv_arm64/bin/activate

# Start training with NPU acceleration
python training.py --use-npu --device snapdragon
```

### 3. Start the Express Backend

```bash
cd blockmarket/bm-express-controller/master-server/
npm start
```

### 4. Launch the Visualization Dashboard

```bash
cd blockmarket/rl/
python web_server.py --port 5001
```

### 5. Access the Application

- **Web Dashboard**: http://localhost:5001
- **Minecraft Server**: Connect to `localhost:25565`
- **API Endpoints**: http://localhost:5000/api

## Usage Instructions

### Training RL Agents

1. **Configure Training Parameters**:

   ```bash
   cd rl/
   # Edit config.yaml to adjust hyperparameters
   ```

2. **Monitor Training Progress**:

   - Open web dashboard at http://localhost:5001
   - View real-time agent positions, fitness distributions, and trade networks
   - Track generation history and performance metrics

3. **Interact via Minecraft**:
   - Join the Minecraft server
   - Use `/createfloor <size>` to create trading arenas
   - Watch agents trade in real-time within the Minecraft world

### WebSocket Commands

Connect to the WebSocket server to control the environment:

```javascript
// Example: Create a trading floor
{
  "type": "create_trading_floor",
  "size": 20,
  "world": "world"
}
```

## NPU Optimization Details

Our implementation leverages Snapdragon X Elite's NPU for:

1. **Neural Network Inference**: Agent decision-making runs at 45 TOPS

Some more optimizations exist that are yet to be used.

## Testing

### Run Unit Tests

```bash
cd rl/
pytest tests/ -v
```

### Run Integration Tests

```bash
# Test WebSocket connectivity
cd bm-world-controller/
node test-websocket-client.js ws://localhost:8080
```

### Performance Benchmarks

```bash
cd rl/
python benchmark_npu.py --iterations 1000
```

## Additional Notes

### Privacy and Security

- All AI computations run locally on the Snapdragon device
- No training data or model weights are sent to external servers
- WebSocket connections are localhost-only by default
- Minecraft server runs in offline mode for complete isolation

### Deployment

To make this application ready for release as follows we would need:

- Windows Store (ARM64 package)
- GitHub Releases (cross-platform)

To wrap our express (entry) service in electron, allow it to render
our vite app as a webview, and containerize our minecraft server in docker.
It's a bit out of scope as an RL tool, but we plan to "electronize"
our application asap.

### References

RL REFERENCE: cart-pole-ppo for our RL.

1. Qualcomm Snapdragon X Elite Documentation
2. Minecraft Plugin Development Guide

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Quick Start Guide

Here's the fastest way to see BlockMarket in action:

```bash
# 1. Quick setup (assuming prerequisites installed)
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/blockmarket.git
cd blockmarket
./quick-setup.sh  # Automated setup script

# 2. Launch everything
./start-all.sh

# 3. Open browser to http://localhost:5001 to see the AI agents trading!

# 4. To stop all services
./stop-all.sh
```

### What the Scripts Do

**`quick-setup.sh`**:

- Checks for Python, Node.js, and npm
- Creates Python virtual environment optimized for ARM64
- Installs all RL dependencies
- Sets up Express backend with dependencies
- Builds React frontend for production
- Creates configuration files
- Detects Snapdragon/ARM64 architecture for optimization

**`start-all.sh`**:

- Kills any existing services on required ports
- Starts RL training environment and visualization server
- Launches Express API backend
- Starts React frontend development server
- Monitors all services for crashes
- Provides easy access to logs
- Gracefully shuts down on Ctrl+C

**`stop-all.sh`**:

- Stops all running BlockMarket services
- Cleans up any orphaned processes

---

**Powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon** - Experience the future of on-device AI with 45 TOPS of performance
